README.md, before:

# QT21-Scorecard

You can use the live demo: http://www.qt21.eu/scorecard

Further documentation in the [wiki](https://github.com/multidimensionalquality/qt21-scorecard/wiki).

## Installation Instructions

The installation instructions are targeted to users who know how to install a PHP application on a webserver. We assume that you have already installed

* A webserver with PHP and MySQL support (e.g. Apache Webserver)
* A MySQL server with one database
* Git

The example command line calls are written for Linux / Mac users. The process can be easily adapted to Windows systems.

### 1. Download sourcecodes

```
git clone https://github.com/multidimensionalquality/qt21-scorecard.git
```

### 2. Deploy Symfony 2 Application

The QT21 Scorecard was created using the Symfony Framework. To deploy it on a webserver you must follow the [official documentation of Symfony 2](http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/deployment/tools.html
).

If you want to use Composer to install Symfony, you may do the following (in  qt21-scorecard/):

```
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php -- --filename=composer
composer install
```

Note that php 5.4 or above is required. In a shared-host environment, this may require explicitly using the path to php 5.4 on your server.

Also, you must enable the PHP module pdo_mysql.  In some shared-host environments you may need to enable it in your site-specific php.ini and copy the php.ini file into the qt21-scorecard/ and qt21-scorecard/web directories.

### 3. Create database and add database settings

We assume you have already created a MySQL database. Create a new parameters file for your application:

```
cp app/config/parameters.yml.dist app/config/parameters.yml
```

And put your database settings (host, user, password, database) in `app/config/parameters.yml`.

Initialize the database with the following command:

```
php app/console doctrine:schema:update --force
```

Now you have to run the MySQL commands defined in `data/issues.sql` on your database to import the issue definitions.

### 4. Create super user

Register user via normal scorecard registration form. Then run the following command to promote this user to a super user:

```
php app/console scorecard:promote-superuser <<username>>
```


## License

```
Copyright 2015 Deutsches Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

This project uses 3rd party tools. You can find the list of 3rd party tools including their authors and licenses [here](https://github.com/multidimensionalquality/qt21-scorecard/blob/master/LICENSE-3RD-PARTY.txt)

Commit message:

Instructions added for publishing changes

README.md, after:

# QT21-Scorecard

You can use the live demo: http://www.qt21.eu/scorecard

Further documentation in the [wiki](https://github.com/multidimensionalquality/qt21-scorecard/wiki).

## Installation Instructions

The installation instructions are targeted to users who know how to install a PHP application on a webserver. We assume that you have already installed

* A webserver with PHP and MySQL support (e.g. Apache Webserver)
* A MySQL server with one database
* Git

The example command line calls are written for Linux / Mac users. The process can be easily adapted to Windows systems.

### 1. Download sourcecodes

```
git clone https://github.com/multidimensionalquality/qt21-scorecard.git
```

### 2. Deploy Symfony 2 Application

The QT21 Scorecard was created using the Symfony Framework. To deploy it on a webserver you must follow the [official documentation of Symfony 2](http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/deployment/tools.html
).

If you want to use Composer to install Symfony, you may do the following (in  qt21-scorecard/):

```
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php -- --filename=composer
composer install
```

Note that php 5.4 or above is required. In a shared-host environment, this may require explicitly using the path to php 5.4 on your server.

Also, you must enable the PHP module pdo_mysql.  In some shared-host environments you may need to enable it in your site-specific php.ini and copy the php.ini file into the qt21-scorecard/ and qt21-scorecard/web directories.

### 3. Create database and add database settings

We assume you have already created a MySQL database. Create a new parameters file for your application:

```
cp app/config/parameters.yml.dist app/config/parameters.yml
```

And put your database settings (host, user, password, database) in `app/config/parameters.yml`.

Initialize the database with the following command:

```
php app/console doctrine:schema:update --force
```

Now you have to run the MySQL commands defined in `data/issues.sql` on your database to import the issue definitions.

### 4. Create super user

Register user via normal scorecard registration form. Then run the following command to promote this user to a super user:

```
php app/console scorecard:promote-superuser <<username>>
```

### 5. Publishing Changes

To publish changes you have made you should type the following:

```
php app/console assets:install --symlink
```
Note, that --symlink is optional and may not work on systems which do not support symlinks.

```
php app/console assetic:dump
```
```
php app/console clear:cache
```

Your changes should be visible after these commands.

## License

```
Copyright 2015 Deutsches Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

This project uses 3rd party tools. You can find the list of 3rd party tools including their authors and licenses [here](https://github.com/multidimensionalquality/qt21-scorecard/blob/master/LICENSE-3RD-PARTY.txt)
